Running "make" will run SPARTACUS-Surface on five "actual" scenes from
the RAMI-V intercomparison:
  https://rami-benchmark.jrc.ec.europa.eu/_www/phase_descr.php?strPhase=RAMI5

Note that the "urban" surface type is used to represent forests, with
the tree trunks treated as buildings and other woody material
(branches) merged into the vegetation properties. The output netCDF
files are placed in the out_nc directory. The Matlab script
process_spartacus_scenes.m then converts the outputs into ASCII files
for the RAMI-V submission in the "mes" directory.

Typing "make overhead" runs the cases with overhead sun (solar zenith
angle of 0 degrees), and the matlab script check_fractional_cover.m
uses the direct flux at the surface
(ground_spectral_flux_dn_direct_sw) to diagnose the fractional scene
coverage, and compare it with the values provided on the RAMI-V web
site.

An updated submission to the intercomparison was provided on 30 Nov
2021, involving the following changes:

 - The canopy radius, which in the RAMI-V scene description data is
   provided for each tree as a profile of the maximum dimension of a
   leaf/branch element from the tree axis, is now multiplied by 0.9 to
   provide a more reasonable envelope for the actual tree crowns.

 - Hogan et al. (2018) found that it was necessary to project the
   crown regions down to the surface, in order to improve the impacts
   of shadows on the upwelling radiation and preventing excessive
   "entrapment" of radiation.  Many of the RAMI-V trees are very tall
   and the foliage starts very high above the ground, for which this
   adjustment would not be necessary. But in case it is important for
   the shorter trees, any tree with a crown base less than 2 m above
   the ground now has its crown projected down to the surface.

 - Previously a fixed vegetation fractional standard deviation was
   specified via the namelist as 0.9. In real trees the branches are
   much more heterogeneously distributed than the leaves.  Therefore
   we assume a value of 0.7 for the leaves and 1.4 for the branches,
   and the profile of veg_fsd is provided in the scene netCDF files as
   the average of the leaf and branch values, weighting by the
   extinction of these two parts of the vegetation.


